hey I'm Skyler you've probably wondered
if it's possible to listen to FM radio
on your iPhone technically it is it does
have the right chip to receive FM radio
but it's not actually possible
you can't enable it so how are you going
to do it well short answer an app there
are a few out there if you just search
the App Store for FM radio you'll find a
whole bunch I prefer one called stitcher
and I'll show you why I've already
installed it it's right here
just tap stitcher and open it up under
settings I can change my location so
that's what I'm going to do first tap
location and then enter my zip code back
to the front page if I tap live radio it
allows me to choose a couple genres or
tap nearby live radio here we go a few
radio stations all in my area that are
broadcasting currently over the Internet
so I could tap wcy why Portland's
alternative rock and start listening
right away no buffering no nothing just
streams the cool thing about this is
that it actually also will stream
podcasts and all sorts of other stuff to
boot so if I have some podcasts that I
follow I would add them to stations so
I'm a little bit of a conspiracy nut
sometimes red ice radio is one of my
favorites but the cool thing is that
when I added red ice radio to stitcher
it added a whole bunch of other things
that it thought I might be interested in
so if I want I can listen to the Liberty
or zombie podcast or the Corbett report
black op radio and all sorts of cool
stuff but I wouldn't have known about
them of that stitcher so I highly
recommend if you're interested in radio
download it check it out see what you
find
thanks for tuning in I'm Skylar
you